Personally, as a software engineer,
the biggest benefit I've seen is the ability to innovate quickly.
I can develop an application and put it in the hands of millions on
a global scale with great performance in a relatively short period of time.
I also have the ability to fail fast.
That is, try an idea and put it out there quickly to see if it's going to work,
which is great when you have a lot of innovative ideas to try out.
There are several additional benefits to Cloud computing.
You don't have to guess about capacity and make huge capital investment upfront.
You pay for only what you need and use,
and you can quickly go global with good performance with lower latency
since content can be delivered from locations close to your user base.
Now latency is just the time it takes to receive a response once a request is sent.
You can also deliver more quickly since you don't have to stand up and manage servers.